# 20140510

**Q: Nowadays, as women and men have to work full time, household duties should be equally divided. Do you agree or disagree?
**


We support strongly for gender equality, in the contemporary society, both men and women can acquire a full-time job. When it comes to housework, some people think women and men should share housework equally. From my point of view, I strongly agree with this opinion.


The first and most important reason is, it's unfair for someone doing household tasks while the else one doing nothing. Every inhabitant knows one of the social basis is men and women should be treated equally, no one wants to handle all household tasks when they go back home with an exhausted body. Someone will be blamed if they did not take part in it. But if men and women work with it together, it will be done effectively and expeditiously. It's both gender's responsibility to do housework instead of shirk from one's obligations.


Furthermore, doing housework together is a good chance for chatting and communicating. Both men and women can increase respect and comprehend each other. If only men or women do their housework and the else one take it for granted, misunderstood or even hatred will let their relationship go from bad to worse. 


We had to admit that it will be unfair sometimes if we separate the work into two parts mechanically. For instance, some tiny ladies cannot handle heavy manual labor like clean the tank on the rooftop. They need other's help to finish their own part. Similarly, men also may be assisted when they deal with some work they don't good at. 


In conclusion, I believe that shared housework should be supported by citizens all over the world.