# 20140118

**Q:Many children today find it difficult to concentrate or pay attention at school.
What could you think are the main causes?
What are the possible solutions?**


Keeping focus is one of the most important requirements for students to obtain new knowledge during school. However, a large number of students find it difficult to concentrate their attention on class. From my perspective, I think there can two reasons caused this situation can it's not a tough work to solve it.


The main reason is, some students didn't find the learning method correctly, They can't catch up the structure and tips taught by their teacher. Learning without a structure is like sailing without a compass. If students didn't find the learning method, they'll easily be confused in class and stop concentrating on it ever since then. For instance, some students don't like to do preparations for the coming lesson. They even don't know the keyword of the chapter, so it will be hard to keep the pace with the teacher if they lose the key point once in class. 


Another reason which also worth mentioning is lack of relaxing. Good relaxation provides high learning efficiency.  If children didn't relax well,  they'll be sleepy or even dizzy during the class. Nowadays, children suffered high pressure from their family and their peers. Some of them don't have a strong enough mind to handle these pressure, career and diploma come into their mind all day, they have no time for entertainment. As an old saying goes: All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. It's troublesome to focus on class when they decide to study all day.


To solve this issue, students need to find out a suitable learning method, note the keyword and prepare in advance is a good choice. If they find the correct ways of learning, they will follow the path of their teacher easily. Furthermore, students should balance time for study and entertain, develop a hobby or take part in the social activities. They'll pay full concentration only when they relax well.