# 20140405
**Q: An increasing number of people change their career and place of residence several times during their life.
Do you think it is a positive or negative development?
**

In contemporary society, there is an increasing number of people who change their work or even move to another city frequently, some citizens think they have no plan for their career and criticized as a drawback of the social development. From my perspective, I think it can mainly be viewed in a positive light, despite some shortcomings.


We had to admit that they won't consist in their field and career if they switch their hob too many times. Nowadays, many companies take "artisan spirit" as its motto, which means engineers and other staffs should work in their field deeply and optimum the product as much as possible. However, if someone changes their job too often, they may not willing to put themselves into it, rather than seeking another job. It won't be beneficial to either the company or the staff themselves.


However, the first reason why I think it's positive development is people can face new challenges by changing jobs and residences. The youngsters prefer adventure and challenges instead of facing existing and stable jobs day by day. Individuals can meet people from different backgrounds. Individuals are able to understand their culture and show respect to others. It's a good way to broaden their horizons.


Furthermore, another benefit is that migrants are able to obtain more payment from new jobs. For example, in small cities, there are fewer payments and limited job opportunities for individuals. Therefore, going to big cities, people are able to find their ideal jobs and more likely to receive high income.


To sum up,  I think people should make a long-term plan before migrate rather than keep changing their job constantly.

自评，重复语句太多。

https://www.testbig.com/ielts-writing-task-ii-essays/increasing-number-people-change-their-career-and-place-residence


We have witnessed that a growing number of people often change their job career and migrate to many different places. In my perspective, this statement has both positives and negatives development.


There are certainly some benefits of changing job career and place of residence. One such benefit is that individuals can broaden their horizons. By simply migrating to other country, individuals can meet new people from different backgrounds. Individuals, therefore, are able to understand their culture and show respect to others. Another benefit is that migrants are able to obtain more payment from new jobs. For example, in small cities, there are fewer payments and limited job opportunities for individuals. Therefore, going to big cities, people are able to find their ideal jobs and more likely to receive high income.


However, there are negatives as well by changing their career and places. To begin with, people have to restart their lives again. As residing in a new place in a new country, individuals are hard to look for help if they have difficulties. Consequently, people will need to do a lot of research of the country and take time to meet new friends. Apart from this, new migrants will have a headache of communicating with the local residents because they never speak a new language other than their own mother language before they migrate. As a result, individuals have to put more effort to convey their ideas to others.


In conclusion, there is positives and negatives development. However, I think that people should focus on doing a long-term job rather than keep changing new careers and moving to new places because every time individuals have to start over.
